{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab529
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \
Once again, none of your information is ever stored or used for profit or analyzation. Your location is NOT being sent to the cloud for people to analyze. Twitter social plug-in only displays tweets from accounts only related to Texas A&M University's athletics program. The athletics news feed's source is TAMU athletic program's RSS feed which you can publicly access here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.12thman.com/rss.aspx"}}{\fldrslt http://www.12thman.com/rss.aspx}}. The home feed is provided by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://today.tamu.edu/feed/"}}{\fldrslt http://today.tamu.edu/feed/}}. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 I wish to strongly point out that this app is \cf2 NOT \cf0 affiliated with Texas A&M University in any shape or form and is not an official university product. The app has been created by a student attending Texas A&M University and that said student does not wish to get into any legal troubles as it could serious screw up his/her financial budget as he/she is in fact, a college student. The said student made this app not to undermine any authorities but to benefit his/her fellow students at the university.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Also, if you like or dislike the app, please either leave a review in the App Store or send me an email as I would like to see what people think of the app for future improvements. If you want a certain feature, also send me an email and I'll try my best to include it in the next update.\u8232 Feel free to contact me if you have any questions as well.\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Thanks and Gig 'em
\b0 \
cool.io\
\
*P.S If you want to help me make this app better, also contact me and I'll be happy to add you to this project's repo.}